I was thinking about my obsession or passion about dancing and keeping up with the training. When I dance, I feel that I am good at something, that I know where I'm going and how to get better. I am curious, I feel that I'm exploring myself, in a way that I feel comfortable, happy and comprehentable. I feel like I get rewarded with my hard work. Surely I get frustrated when I cant make it work, fail at turns, miss the steps. But I feel like I can always bounce back. I can always find joy in dancing, in one way or another. I like to feel the emotion flowing through my body, as if I was given words to speak for things I can't express in words. I struggle to keep up sometimes. I was constantly battling between doing too much of dancing or training, and resting, and work, and keep up with my other aspects of life. I feel pravalligrd, that I don't have to burden dance to make money from it, I can keep it as just hobby and purely for fun, and listen to what I want, explore and play with that as I wish, as fast or slow as I want. And I'm getting close to those who move and dance as I admire.

  

But I'm confused sometimes. Is this obsession good for me, what do I do with that In my current state of life? I feel like I don't seem to enjoy a full time professional dancers life, too much pressure, too much expectation. But at the same time I want to perform, I like the feeling of on the stage and be presentable. But I also don't really enjoy the rehearsal part, I enjoy dancing and watch in the studio, as the movement it is and raw, unedited.

---
movie: 天使的性