Sauna experience in colonge: went to Babylon sauna tonight (Thu 20260514). It wasn't that busy and the crowd was not really my type. Most people speak only German too. After the first infusion session I sat down with a group of Germans, of which one of the guys seem very enthusiastic to ask me to share the fruit. Despite the language barrier we talked a little, but I didn't feel much connection and want to continue hunting. Then after round 2 infusion, I'm again meeting that guy and we started talking more. I learned that his name is Alvin, and it's very interesting that he started as landscape designer but due to injury he switched to government job as inspector for noise complaints and marriage registration officer. He is sweet and radiating charm and warmth, but my instinct is not to hook up with him but find someone else more attractive outside. We have some extensive discussion about giving compliment directly and expressing feelings and what we want directly (with Google translate). I think he started to do some physical flirting but I won't say that i completely against it yet I'm not very sure I want to go further. But we ended up making out and hooked up.

I was reflecting on this. In theory he is a nice guy, I think he may even be a boy friend material with the limited experience with him. But I'm not coming to find a bf here, just for some fun. But then in the past I thought I need the intellectual connection to feel attracted to the other person, and only then I can get aroused. In this case maybe the appearance / age (he is 51, but looks younger and also works out) / language barrier making it difficult for me to feel more. He said I'm good at flirting,  I think that I'm only good at playing games if the other person wants to play it in the first place. I feel like I'm not good at assertively engaging people who are not initially interested. I had to say he has at least certain level of physical appearance attractiveness that I would even listen to him and be patient about the conversation. And mixed with trying to be polite, I ended up talking to him for the most part of the night, which I don't necessarily think it's a bad thing, just maybe a bit too long. And I feel that he wants something, but I'm not sure, and I'm not sure if I want it or not.


Art style/ aesthetic reflection:
I'm curious what are the connections of different things I like and what it says about me:
impressionism, constructionism (mostly Mondrian kind of geometric and primary colour), art deco, art neuveral (not the vases, mostly architecture, furniture, and painting), Medieval religious art with very sober expression and symbolism, ancient Roman mosaic and cartoon like expression, ancient Greek mythical pottery and statues, European floral oil painting, water colour illustrations in old books (especially floral, plant, marine creatures), islammic decorative art, brutalist, zaha Hadi, Japanese wabi Sabi, Scandinavian interior (danish), Italian lighting design, Belgian lighting design, Francis bacon, 陈曼, Bosch, Rembrandt, Vermeer, thiago mugler, John Galliano, Alexander McQueen, Balenciaga, tom ford, zegna, D&G, simon jacquemus, hay, Yves Klein, Wes Anderson, David Hockney, Tibetan thangka, Japanese Buddhism art (statues, architecture), Gothic architecture

Will reflect later for movies, music, dance/theater/other performing art

Cologne sauna experience: 2nd experience in cologne was fantastic! Phoenix now topa my list of sauna over boiler in Berlin. So much fun, open and nice guys (ok to be touched but not harshly judge or reject). Many fun facilities design to spice things up. And with that open mind and vibe, I feel like I'm more a participants instead of an outsider who just got so many NOs and rejections.
I encountered this very nice guy Niko, from colonge but lived in Berlin for 10 years with his partner after an enlightening 6-month south American backpacking trip, working as a UX designer/ PO. We made out, he is very intelligent, willing to talk, polite but not too polite, open for trying things out, let me play around him. he walked up to me asking if I'm gonna be around for a bit, and said he will see me maybe in the steam room and play again. As I reflect the night, I enjoyed talking but not just only talking, but talking flirty can keep the vibe going. If I'm only in my head it won't be sexy (I'm mostly done by that point anyway so I don't mind). The feeling of satisfaction, being admired and I can do whatever I want to him, and finding him physically attractive, lingers until today and I am constantly thinking about it. Sometimes I find this dangerous as I dont know what that means to me and Jeroen. Is this the exact fear that he has? And what am I looking for? Is it just fun and an interesting guy? Niko also recently opened his relationship, they implement this traffic light system, where they check in to see green is all good, yellow is more carefully following each other probably pausing it, and red is completely stop. They don't talk about details of the encounters but they do mention if they go on a date or bathhouse, also share what they feel along the way. I find it an interesting approach and align with the transparency, honesty and communication.
I also think two days in a row in sauna I wasn't that horny. It's really just for curiosity, and maybe out of the FOMO than what I really need sexually.