New routines to adapt
Meditation: didn't help me significantly thriughout the day, it does give me some space to relax and check in to myself.

Conditioning: shoulder control and rotation, chest stretch, rises

Energy level: as long as I do an intensive exercise (gym, dance, even just one session, as long as it's not light movements) the next day I feel very tired and hard to get up, as if I'm sick or have a cold. Maybe it's my sleeping and nutrition is off? Because this happens even during my vacation, while I don't have any stress to "consume" me additional energy

Fasting: 16+8

Less sugar intake (cola, cake, candy, chocolate, juice)

No late night dinner, plan my workout and meal time carefully (I used to not eating enough, now I feel like I may change or managed to bulk a bit)

Main goal is to cut down the vesical fat

More vegetable and fibers

Sleep by 11:00 (15min starting by 12:00)

To Drink a glass of milk before bed to help sleeping?

Change the reminder back to priority based, and use tag for high and low load (I find it very hard to decide the load, and I don’t think I actually decide which one to do first based on that, and I still feel that there are too many items in my list)

I also tends to do some work at night after class. And I sometimes enter flow state and want to finish it, then I ended up sleeping late (and getting Hungary need to snack)


—
When I make the plan or Todo, I am o excited to start now. Not sure if it's better to do that at night before bed (too excited to start) or beginning of the day (still thinking about things I didn't do or about to do the night before causing restlessness

Reading:
	⁃	Read a few pages even I'm not feeling it that day. The main goal is to find the inspirational part for later processing. Don't worry about memorising it, can make small notes about them
	⁃	Don't force myself to read every page and from page one, read what I feel like to and skip when I get bored

Less jerk off (now everyday)

—
主要的时间都被training和主要的工作时间占据。需要的是carve out 5AM project和admin的时间
工作内容很复杂，从大的方向，到细致的分析，到落地都需要不断横跳

Stolen focus

从来都是巧劲儿不是靠刷题蛮干的

Two classes is difficult to make the next two days with proper energy. Use with caution 

---
Note taking friction
	⁃	the random new books, author, movie, YT Videos I want to watch or read, I forgot and lost them.
	⁃	Even I do remember, I don't have time to read and watch them right away, without knowing why it may be relevant to me
	⁃	Ideally I get a summary and highlight, especially the section that is relevant to me, and I decide which section and when (if I devided to read or watch them) to actually read. I want these knowledge not just as information, but actionable steps to encourage me experiment something new or improve my life (such as a new workout idea, ways of taking notes, good habit to adapt). Ideally also recommend the implications and actions based on my current Interest and priority
	⁃	For the discussion I had with Gemini, even in canvas, it is not super easy to retain that info
	⁃	When there is a new thought, I don't know how that is related to my existing thoughts and is it a new thoughts , or build on previous ideas, and what can I do with this thoughts. Also once I documented them, I don't think I have a way to review them based on my priority now.
	⁃	I find myself reach out to apple notes most of the time for capturing. I rarely use voice recording.
	⁃	It is annoying that I have to copy the link of the video or social post to paste them in the note to retain them
-—
Dance note:
- think about pinky finger of left, mid/ring finger of right
Yoga note:
- find soft and openness of lower abs
- Find rotation of pelvis connected to press of big toe and long inner leg