It's a regular weekend with Jeroen. In an intimate moment with him, I have a feeling that what I need is mostly the skin-to-skin touch and sense of closeness, not really about what exactly I'm doing in sex. With him not wanting too much touching, I think it's worth to understanding how much of my need is and what is his boundary and can we work with that (as part of the experiment I'm doing - seeking for additional touches?)

In recent upsell project looking for opportunities. J shared a method to me and we felt very excited on that method. However, I wasn't sure if it's really telling as it is pretty high level (comparing one airline to all other airlines by different fare combination of baggage allowance and flexibility policy). We announced this to the regions and they are excited about it too. And in the process of convincing FBU team, we got pushed back on if adding more fares will actually solve the problem. And J metioned on Friday that this airline is too small to work on. I have a feeling that:
1. I feel insecure about the things I don't fully understand and recognize (the method), especially when it is already going to such a large audience
2. I feel stupid and incapable to navigate this kind of vague situation, especially we now know there is opportunity but how to break down that opportunity. again, I feel that J has much more experience and I also feel that I am not her and I don't know if I will ever be able to match her level of expertise and business sense to pinpoint the issue. Or if I can, what can I do to achieve that?
3. I'm already in a self-doubting and anxious state, now I also so want fix it asap, because I want to prove myself and my subconscious thinks that if I put enough time, think hard enough, try hard enough, I can fix it. And then no matter what I'm doing, I have a full head spinning this. which makes me difficult to relax and actually productively deal with other things. and when I sit down try to fix it, I feel "sleepy" and frustrated and have no idea where to start. Or I can start somewhere, but I can't help to think this is just me trying too hard to poke around and not getting anywhere