Talk to anne loes about the new project:
She is founding a foundation to co tinue her work with a group of disabled professional dancers she's been working with for the third year. She would like to ask me to join the group. I was reflecting honestly with the last production we did with a community art group. I feel like I wasn't challenged enough in the process, mostly due to the slow pace, that the group needs more time to process and catch up. I also think in the beginning I was really amazed by the different response by the bodies I don't normally encountered (not trained professional dancer body but disabled everyday bodies). And I was really moved by their stories and dedication, and passion for dance. But after the initial honey moon, I feel a bit drained. Also I had this expectation that the project is going to leverage these disable body, not as constrains, but artistic leverages to make something unique and powerful, not a dump down version of a "normal" capable dancers' performance. But due to the limitations, I didn't see that happened. And I think at this stage of my artistic exploration, I want to:
1) dance and practice in a sustainable way, that I can continue growing technically and artistically as a dancer
2) explore structural instant composition/improv to maybe avoid the "boredom" of repeating repotoire performances
3) explore the movement language that works, clicks and resonates with me (like Uri's choreo). This may need more improv to research
Based on these, I'm continuing countertechnique training. Expanding to hip-hop, salsa solo, and other disciplines of trainings like Pilates, yoga and even swimming. I am also looking for projects and workshops that can facilitate my research objectives.
Another interesting topic is about my identity. We mentioned that Belgium seems to have much more vibrant art scene, as more art activities are available, more diversity and inclusion in the scene, and much more engagements among the population. While it's already great here in NL, I am still fighting to establish or find my identity as someone who has an office job but also a dedicated artist - am I a professional dancer? How good is good? Am I good enough? Why do I want to do this? So I need to justify this lifestyle? 

Gym encounter: a twinky guy with tattoo and one side of nip piercing, recommending Pilates and body attack class, named Moedian. Another guy also checking on me, not sure about his name tho. Although it is nothing sexual, I think in the hindsight, when I'm in the sauna, the clicks happened either because of overall playfulness of the atmosphere that I feel safe to flirt and explore/reach out, or I feel there is a mutual interest (they are checking on me and I also find them attractive) read from their gaze on me and body language. It's just in most of the cases, I have to be proactive to people don't notice me in the beginning, or rejecting a lot of people that I'm not interested in